Address asciidoctor-dita-vale issues in Installing (#4608)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-and-configuring-freeipa-packages-on-projectserver-or-smartproxyserver.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="install-and-configure-{FreeIPA-context}-packages-on-{project-context}-server-or-{smart-proxy-context}-server"]

> = Install and configure {FreeIPA} packages on {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="installing-and-configuring-{FreeIPA-context}-packages-on-{project-context}-server-or-{smart-proxy-context}-server"]
= Installing and configuring {FreeIPA} packages on {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer}
```

I would also be OK with either "Installing" or "Configuring". I don't know if both verbs in combination add any value.
